Change billing (#1794)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/change-billing.md

id: change-billing
---

> If you would like to change your account's credit card details, the account owner can do this by clicking the gear icon in the upper right corner and going to Account Settings  &#8594; Billing  &#8594; Payment Information. From there, click the Edit button in the upper right corner of the Payment Information section to input the new credit card details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change your account's credit card details, select the gear menu in the upper right corner of dbt Cloud. Go to Account Settings  &#8594; Billing  &#8594; Payment Information. In the upper right corner of **Payment Information**, click **Edit**  to enter the new credit card details. Only the _account owner_ can make this change. 
```

Reviewer: suggest breaking up the first sentence a tiny bit to help increase readability and for faster reading
